


Physical threats:

a great number of staff at CADD centre are ethical hackers,
you cant trust anyone.

Since everone is a skiiled hacker, anything could happen. 
There fore the following rules should fall in place,,....

SECURITY POLICY:


1 -   There should be information Confidentiality.
         Only authorized staff should have access to the company's information source.

2 -   Availability of information or displaying information to the wrong staff.

3 -   Purpose: Clear goals and expectations of the policy.

4 -   Federal and State regulations might drive some requirements. 
        they might think of having The countrys police force in office with them,
        so that incase of data breach the individuals are lawfully delt with.

5 -   Last Tested Date: Policies need to be a living document and frequently tested and updated.

6 -   Information security policies are supposed to be read, 
      understood and followed by all individuals within an organization and so if 
      there are questions, there needs to be answers.

7 -   Password policy, THE organization should not use the use the same password for 2 weeks,
        and password must have upto 40 characters should not be written down on a piece of paper.

8 -   Keep track of staff Logs.

9 -   Limited Access to company data from remote locations, 
        or on non-corporate devices, especially by unauthorised persons.

10 -  Company devices should not be accessed outside the organization.
         staff should leave devices in office after work.
         authorized device users are not allowed to lock or restrick the company devices.
         all devices to be used at its state unless otherwise.

11 -  Physical security protocols for doors, and  dealing with visitors.

12 - Understanding of data classification, what is critical and private data?.

13 - How to deal with and report lost or stolen devices.

14 - How to handle and report a suspected security breach or data loss.

15 - Requirements for encryption and computer locking procedures.




 

  



